

User signup - while signing up username needs some indication that it is available and not taken by someone else.\
 (Blue check mark) 
 Artist signup - needs indication username is available.  

 Genre List - Podcast is last option and should be capitalized  
.
.  

The ability to delete cover art selection or change it while creating a post.  

Post Creation Type- ‘Episode’ missing 

//On user sign up “Reset” doesn’t need “” marks. Simply Reset 

When pressing ‘Done’ on Subscription Level creation. I am not taken out of the field.  
Character Limit for this field is ________ 

All three options at the bottom can be selected. Not just one.  

If ‘Limit Available’ is selected - a text box below will generate for user to input the number available

//Text error: ‘Get ready for your subscribers’ screen during switch to artist sign up:  private should say profile. 


  
   Subscription title: 40 character limit 
   . Subscription description: 200
   . Icons on front screen cut off on right edge
   if already logged in user should be taken to Home feed not back to the first screen that has ‘login’ on the front.
    Only back to that page if user logs out. 

  18. User can’t add spaces in username

   
     When the keyboard is displayed on the “New Subscription Level” screen, 
     I should be able to scroll the view. This is a minor issue, but it was annoying that 
     I have to first dismiss the keyboard before seeing the additional options.














After using other apps on my phone and coming back to IATI, my username and handle is blank. See image below.
When in air-plane mode, I am seeing weird artifacts in the status bar.












Pratham

 1 When switching to an Artist account, the genre does not show after making a selection.
     By the way, when I select a genre, I should not have to press the back button.
     This applies to all screens that prompts the user for a selection.
 2 From the Account screen, I clicked on “Switch Artist”. 
   I got the “Getting Started: IATI for Artists” screen as expected but when I tap the back button, 
   it takes me to add a post. Watch the movie below from the 24 second mark to the 34 second mark. 
   You can double-click the image to play my screen recording.
 3. Post Creation: YouTube link gets an invalid link message
 4 Profile picture selection on ‘Switch to Artist’ sign up works sometimes doesn’t work other times. 
  8  Square crop on cover art post creation


 5- Also, on the Add subscription once I select one of the “Additional Options”, I cannot deselect it.
 6-After switching to an Artist, I am allowed to switch again. 
 7-When subscription level is saved - the completion screen should show level with ‘$’ symbol and plus sign it currently
  just shows number. For example (25 should be $25+) 